konvoy: Update docs for konvoy release (#2784)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/konvoy/latest/install/install-airgapped/index.md

1. Run the following commands to initialize Konvoy in the current working directory:

   ```bash
   konvoy init --provisioner=none --addons-repositories /opt/konvoy/artifacts/kubernetes-base-addons@stable-1.16-1.2.0,/opt/konvoy/artifacts/kubeaddons-kommander@stable-1.16-1.0.0,/opt/konvoy/artifacts/kubeaddons-dispatch@stable-1.16-1.0.0 [--cluster-name <your-specified-name>]
   ```

   **NOTE:** The cluster name may only contain the following characters: `a-z, 0-9, . - and _`.

   Running the `konvoy init` command generates an inventory file skeleton `inventory.yaml` and a default `cluster.yaml` configuration file in the current working directory.

>    The additional `--addons-repositories` flag will result in the generated `cluster.yaml` to set the corresponding values to use locally available addon configs instead of using the default ones that are usually reachable over the Internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The additional `--addons-repositories` flag results in the generated `cluster.yaml` setting the corresponding values to use locally available addon configs instead of using the default ones that are usually reachable over the Internet.
```

>    The path `/opt/konvoy/artifacts/...` is the directory path where the `konvoy` binary is mounted from the host into the container. **Note:** This should not be changed unless you are referencing a different repo than the one provided in the tar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The path `/opt/konvoy/artifacts/...` is the directory path where the `konvoy` binary is mounted from the host into the container. <p class "message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong> This should not be changed unless you are referencing a different repo than the one provided in the tar.</p>
```
